# AVIProcessor

This application takes a JSON request to create derivatives and FITS analysis for files.

Experimental at the moment.

## Installation

### Start background workers
**Note:** Resque relies on the [redis](http://redis.io/) key-value store.  You must install [redis](http://redis.io/) on your system and *have redis running* in order for this command to work.
To start redis, you usually want to call the `redis-server` command.

```
QUEUE=* rake environment resque:work
```

For production you may want to set up a config/resque-pool.yml and run resque pool in daemon mode

```
resque-pool --daemon --environment development start
```

See https://github.com/defunkt/resque for more options

## Dependencies

* [FITS](http://fitstool.org/)
* [FFMpeg](http://www.ffmpeg.org/)
* [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
* [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/)
* Kakadu's [kdu_compress](http://www.kakadusoftware.com/)

To enable LibreOffice, FFMpeg, ImageMagick, FITS support, and kdu_compress support, make sure they are on your path. Most people will put that in their .bash_profile or somewhere similar.

For example:

```bash
# in .bash_profile
export PATH=${PATH}:/Users/justin/workspace/fits-0.6.2:/Applications/LibreOffice.app/Contents/MacOS
```

Mostly these are all configured in hydra_derivatives.yml.

For additional options, see: https://github.com/projecthydra-labs/hydra-derivatives/blob/master/README.md


TO BE ADDED:

Redis server setup (including redis-server command)

database.yml setup

OTHER SETUP:

RAIL_ENV=production resque-pool -environment production

Make sure to set LD_LIBRARY_PATH and the path of KDU as broken otherwise.

Set KDU and Fits permissions to 775.
